Fix links to custom images documentation page (#2110)
elastic/cloud-on-k8s: docs/elasticsearch-specification.asciidoc

maximum flexibility. But the second option also means you might catch any errors only at runtime. Plugin installation at runtime has another drawback in that it needs access to the Internet from your cluster
and downloads each plugin multiple times, once for each Elasticsearch node.

> See link:k8s-custom-images.html[Creating custom images] for instructions on how to build custom Docker images based on the official Elastic images.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See <<{p}-custom-images,Creating custom images>> for instructions on how to build custom Docker images based on the official Elastic images.
```
